README.md, before:

PublicCodeLibrary
=================

An Xcode 4 project to build a Real Static Universal Framework (armv7, armv7s, simulator) of my iOS library. The library simplifies daily development by providing useful and well documented code (e.g categories, wrapper classes, ...)

Next Steps
----------

- enhance documentation
- give category methods "pcl_" prefix to easily find them with code completion in main project

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012 Stefan Herold

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in the documentation of any redistributions of the template files themselves (but not in projects built using the templates).

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

* added new categories * enhanced documentation

README.md, after:

PublicCodeLibrary
=================

An Xcode 4 project to build a Real Static Universal Framework (armv7, armv7s, simulator) of my iOS library. The library simplifies daily development by providing useful and well documented code (e.g categories, wrapper classes, ...)

Next Steps / History
--------------------

- implement Cocoa Limberjack Logging Framework - if not GPL
- realize Base64 coding in its own class with the group crypto to better abstract this  and be able to have some crypto classes in future
- include a documentation building script
- enhance documentation
- give category methods "pcl_" prefix to easily find them with code completion in main project √

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012 Stefan Herold

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in the documentation of any redistributions of the template files themselves (but not in projects built using the templates).

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
